Hello, we have two parcels reported
watts on unusual for my channel and here
this is now the usual start here with this
here's a little package
here we have a case after nexus
5 ordered for a discount which is not
wrong 25
embroidered me five dollars 25 cents here
so here it is packed in a bubble bag
for a long time did not come on the link in so
Now here's the big pupyrki he cover
so here is the original packaging
so let's open it opens here
elytra that inside here so are
here a lot of things fell out here so here it is
the case itself let's try it right away
I already have a nexus in my case
take off on those so well and so it looks like
back here so if I am not mistaken in
somehow you can put it
but I do not know yet such a case
we see that everything here is closed see
dynamics with this way you can
basically speaking is enough
good cover 5 dollars 25 cents
so how is it like we put well how
so it is put shorter that we still
in the kit here with us so here with us
film on Perez cloth still something we
here it was so well it I do n't even know
probably how broken they are already
what a garbage for headphones and still here
such a garbage but such a case 5
dollars 25 cents or rather this one
garbage probably for her it is for rubbing
the screen so here it is
shown so here is a case then 5 is not
give let's go in this parcel she too
was ordered 25 it costs 7 dollars 77
cents
so you need to carefully hide them
neatly in the course of whether it will turn out well by
name in think you already know it
package for kote is a bed for him
for her, then we dream in our city
cost a lot of money
the birds they test is really not super
expensive here is such a cot well of course
we'll bring the cat so it is all in
us if I'm not mistaken is taken yes but in
principle looks like not bad
enough such nice stuff below
like this well in size you see what
also account with some tag at such a
then a gift from the seller but let me now
will you bring my cat and we will check that
same as it will be inside let's turn it off
they will all be as the cat is
just one meter from me here it is
our cat and let's check how she
here we feel well, in principle
the cat breaks into it is the most important thing
yet because everything is curious she did not
before here and does not open it
such a cot and everyone who has
cats are not all who want them to be
lie comfortably
u go well put your thumbs up
subscribe to the channel all bye